Summary

This audio transcript captures radio communications at Westchester Airport (KHPN) following an incident. An aircraft, Flex 333, landed on runway 16 and reported braking action as "good to medium," before another aircraft slid off the same runway. The tower coordinates with other aircraft, including one needing to refuel and another, Airport One, waiting to proceed on the runway while also assessing if there were any injuries. The priority shifts to removing the disabled aircraft, with plans for another runway inspection pass before normal arrivals resume, highlighting the immediate response and adjustments made after an aviation incident.

Good evening, Westchester tower. Flex trip 3 is on 16.

Flex 333. Westchester tower 110 at 8. Runway 1 16 VR touch down for and roll out 4,500. Braves are breaking out 900 ft. MSL and last break action report was medium runway 16. Go to land.

All right, clear land runway 16 triple 3. Thank you. 613. Contact New York departure. Good day. Departure 613. 333 going to flex it.

We're going to flex here. We're slowly getting 33 right. You can turn left at the end. And uh when did you pick up the field?

We pick up the field probably about uh what 3 miles 3 miles out. I didn't How was the break in action for you?

Good to medium flight triple 3. Thanks. Any contact ground. Roger.

And we are off the runway. Triple 3. Roger 33. We're coordinate with ops now 580. Uh unfortunately we just had an aircraft slide off at the end of runway 16. I'm unable to part right now. now. Um not sure how long his delay will be. Uh just uh say your intentions.

We're going to have to go back and get more fuel.

Big sh 580. Um you can uh turn right onto runway 16 right at Charlie and then taxi Charlie into uh Atlantic West with me. Cross runway 11.

Okay, we'll access runway 16, drive on Charlie, then cross one to Charlie 58. Uh any any estimate that you may have?

Not yet at this time. We're trying to work that out.

Tower airport one.

Tower airport one. Holding short 16 at Fox looking to proceed on the runway. Proceeding on 16 airport. Check one dash again.

Yeah, the runway is all yours.

X-ray is out of the chosen up. 24. Roger. And as far as you know, are you aware of any injuries at all?

Okay. So, no injuries and any damage.

Roger. 39 tower. 39

39. I do have aircraft holding inbound. Are you guys going to want to do more passes uh prior to starting arrivals up again or what's your plan?

The plan is once they get Okay. So, we'll plan for one more pass after uh they're all done. That works. Thanks, Tower 24 tow he was he's able he's able to be towed out of here was really everything was on the pavement except the nose was touching that tragic
